---
layout: post
title: Stephen Mitchell, Sophia Cronin, Tyler Webster, and Jonathan Li Present at IEEE SouthEast and CAPWIC 2021
date: 2021-03-15
description: Spring 2021 conference presentations by undergraduate researchers
tags: undergraduate-research IEEE CAPWIC SIEDS
categories: research
---

Despite the pandemic, Spring 2021 has been a productive time for the undergraduate researchers in the Wearable Computing Lab.

## Stephen Mitchell presents his work at IEEE SouthEast Conference

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/stephen-ieee-conf.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Stephen Mitchell at IEEE SouthEast Conference
</div>

Stephen Mitchell has presented his latest work at IEEE SouthEast Conference. This [short paper](/assets/pdf/MitchellS-T7S2-ieee-ready.pdf) and [presentation](/assets/pdf/Mitchell-IEEE-Presentation.pdf) is an extension of his previous work that was presented at MARCUS 2019. Additional analysis is on-going and has been accepted as publication for a [full paper](/assets/pdf/mitchell-sieds-camera-ready.pdf) at [SIEDS 2021](https://engineering.virginia.edu/departments/engineering-systems-and-environment/academics/ieee-sieds).

## Sophia Cronin and Tyler Webster present at ACM CAPWIC 2021

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/sophia-tyler-capwic.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Sophia Cronin and Tyler Webster at ACM CAPWIC 2021
</div>

Sophia Cronin and Tyler Webster also presented their work on wearable haptic and visual feedback systems for physical therapy rehabilitation at the ACM Capital Region Celebration of Women in Computing (CAPWIC). Their [abstract](/assets/pdf/capwic-2021-abstract.pdf) and [presentation](/assets/pdf/cronin-webster-capwic-2021-presentation.pdf) are available.

Jonathan Li (Computer Science) completed his one year project developing machine learning tools to manage our human activity recognition data. His work finalizes our data pipeline to capture activity data, clean/label/manage the information, and evaluate novel HAR approaches.

Both of these works are supported by JMU CISE Faculty Development and Mini Grants.
