---
layout: post
title: Undergraduate Researchers Present at CAPWIC and SIEDS 2024
date: 2024-05-04
description: Research presentations at two conferences
tags: undergraduate-research CAPWIC SIEDS
categories: research
---

## Passive Haptic Learning at SIEDS 2024

Megan Caulfield presented the results of her honors thesis, ["Braille Learning using Haptic Feedback"](/assets/pdf/caulfield-sieds2024.pdf) at the [2024 IEEE Systems and Information Engineering Symposium](https://engineering.virginia.edu/department/systems-and-information-engineering/academics/undergraduate-programs/current-undergrads/sieds) on May 3rd at the University of Virginia. Her research examined the effectiveness of haptic feedback when learning to read and write braille which is motivated by the challenges of sighted parents and teachers learning braille to support their visually impaired children and students. She was advised by myself, [Dr. Laura Deportes](https://www.jmu.edu/coe/people/deportes-laura.shtml) (Education), and [Dr. Daniel Castaneda](https://www.jmu.edu/cise/people/faculty/castaneda-daniel.shtml) (Engineering). A special thanks also to the Virginia School for the Deaf and Blind for allowing us to tour their facilities.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/caulfield-seids.jpeg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Megan Caulfield Presentation at SIEDS 2024
</div>


## Flash Talks at CAPWIC 2024

Two new members of the Wearable Computing Group, Julia Larson (Engineering) and Abby Ensogna (Computer Science), presented initial efforts on their work at the ACM Capitol Region Celebration of Women in Computing (CAPWIC).

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/julia-capwic2024.jpeg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/abby-capwic2024.jpeg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Julia Larson (left) and Abby Ensogna (right) at CAPWIC 2024
</div>

Julia's talk entitled, "Design of a Wearable Coaching System for Shoulder Rehabilitation" discussed her preliminary results extending the research group's haptic feedback system from two-dimensional motion into additional degrees of freedom to support shoulder and upper-arm rehabilitation. Abby described the pressing challenge in labeling human-activity data in her talk, "Labelling Data in the Field of Wearable Computing". Her real-time labeling tool for human motions will help the lab more effectively collect data in field user studies.
